fix: Remove broken invidious embeds (#2585)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/basics/multi-factor-authentication.md

When you create an account, the public key is sent to the service, then when you log in, the service will require you to "sign" some data with your private key. The benefit of this is that no password data is ever stored by the service, so there is nothing for an adversary to steal.

> This [presentation](https://youtu.be/aMo4ZlWznao) discusses the history of password authentication, the pitfalls (such as password reuse), and discussion of FIDO2 and [WebAuthn](https://webauthn.guide) standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This presentation discusses the history of password authentication, the pitfalls (such as password reuse), and the standards for FIDO2 and [WebAuthn](https://webauthn.guide):

- [How FIDO2 and WebAuthn Stop Account Takeovers](https://youtu.be/aMo4ZlWznao) <small>(YouTube)</small>
```
